express-session 
~~~javascript
var session = require('express-session');
~~~
##### session(options) 
    create a session middleware with the given options
    where the cookie save // set save store in production enviroment
#### options
* **cookie** setting object for the session ID cookie. The default value is {path:'/',httpOnly: true,secure: false,maxAge: null};
* 

* + ##### thefollowing are options that can be set in this object.
* + cookie.domain
* + cookie.expires
* + cookie.expires
* + cookie.httpOnly ==tbe careful when setting this to true, as compliant clients will not allow client-side JavsScript to see the cookie in document.cookie==
* +  cookie.maxAge 
* + cookie.path
* + cookie.sameSite 
* + cooke.secure
* 

* **genid** function to call to generate a new session ID;
* **name** the name of the session ID cookie to set in the response(and read from in the request)
* **proxy** 
* **resave** forced the session to be saved back to the session store, even if the session was never modified during the request.The default value is true, but using the default has been deprecated, as the default will change in the future. Please research into this setting and choose wat is appropriate to your use-case.
* **rolling** force a session identifier coookie to be set on every response.
* **saveUninitialized** foorces a session that is "uninitialized" to be saved to the store.
* **secret** ==required option== this is the secret used to sign the session ID cookie.
* **store** the session store instance,defaults to a new MemoryStore instance
* unset req.session
* 

#### req.session 
to store or access session data, simply user the request property req.session,

#### connect-mongo
MongoDB session store for Connect and Express;

var MongoStore = require('connect-mongodb')(session);

app.user(session({
	store: new MongoStore()
))

#### connect-flash
The flash is a specialarea of the session used for storing messages.Messages are weritten to the floash and cleared after eing displayed toethe user. The flash is typeically used in cobination with redirects, ensuring that the message is available to the next page that is to be redered.

with flash all requests will have a req.flash() function that can be used for flash message.
 This module is dependence with express-session and cookie-parse

req.flash(property); will get a array;